Webex Channel Fix: personId -> roomId (#6078)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/6078.bugfix.rst

> bot will respond through `webex` channel to any user(room) communicating to it. Earlier bot responds only to fixed `roomId` set in credentials.yml config file correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The assistant will respond through the `webex` channel to any user (room) communicating to it. Before the bot responded only to a fixed ``roomId`` set in the ``credentials.yml``config file.
```

> The assistant will respond through the `webex` channel to any user (room) communicating to it. Before the bot responded only to a fixed ``roomId`` set in the ``credentials.yml``config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The assistant will respond through the `webex` channel to any user (room) communicating to it. Before the bot responded only to a fixed ``roomId`` set in the ``credentials.yml`` config file.
```
